\." My CV, in a MAN page!
\." Contact me@charlotte-thomas.me if needed
.TH charlotte 8 "2024-11-25" "1.0" "Charlotte's CV"

.SH NAME
Charlotte's CV

.SH AUTHOR
Charlotte (Ophélie) Thomas - she/they - <me@charlotte-thomas.me>

Website: https://www.charlotte-thomas.me

Writing blog: https://writing.charlotte-thomas.me

.SH SYNOPSIS
curl https://www.charlotte-thomas.me/static/cv_en.man | man -l -

.SH INTRODUCTION
22 y.o French Dev/Sys Admin, Linux Expert, Rust and OCaml lover, Typst supporter. 

.SH WORK
Sept. 2024 - now. DevOps Engineer, State Civil Servant, Rennes (35), France.

.SH EDUCATION
Sept. 2022 - June 2024. Bachelor of Science, University of Rennes, France, 

	- Major: Computer Science

	- Minors: System's security and Communication protocols' security

Sept. 2020 - June 2022. Prepa (Cram-School), Lycée Montaigne, Bordeaux, France, Math, Computer Science, Physics

Sept. 2017 - June 2020. High School Diploma, Lycée Gustave Eiffel, Bordeaux, France, Graduated with honors

.SH ACADEMIA
May 2024 - July 2024. Research Internship, Inria Rennes, Team EPICURE, Rennes, France

Morphological recognition of plants by a characteristcs database (project back-to-the-trees) under the supervision of Simon Castellan <simon.castellan@inria.fr> (http://iso.mor.phis.me/)

Feb. 2023 - July 2023. Research Internship, Inria Rennes, Team PACAP, Rennes, France

Mathematical optimisation of FDM 3D printing (project ofast3d) under the supervision of Damien Hardy <damien.hardy@irisa.fr> (https://team.inria.fr/pacap/members/damien-hardy/)

.SH TALK

Oct. 2023. Radio Intervention, On the importance of Free Softwares in University.

June 2023. Talk, Joke languages, and their implementation (on BaguetteSharp)

Feb. 2023. Flash Talk, Usage of joke languages in the secondary school education (on BaguetteSharp)

.SH PROJECTS

Rust. Calc, A fully-featured configurable (minimalistic) algebric calculator (https://github.com/vanilla-extracts/calc on GPL-3.0-or-later)

OCaml. BaguetteSharp, Creation of an interpreter and REPL of a custom esoteric programming language consisting of french pastries (https://github.com/vanilla-extracts/ocaml-baguettesharp-interpreter on GPL-3.0-or-later)

Java (mostly). Various Personnal Projects, my project since 2013 (see https://github.com/vanilla-extracts)

.SH SKILLS

OS Administration. GNU/Linux (RHEL,CentOS,Debian,Fedora)

Programming Languages. Java, OCaml, Python, SQL, JS, TS, Rust, LaTeX, Typst, C 

Service Administration. Jenking, Gitlab CI, GitHub Actions, Apache2, MySQL, PostegreSQL, NodeJS, NGINX Proxies

Languages: French (native), English (fluent)
